stonebear(1) -- Build and deployment tool for developing websites and web applications
======================================================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`stonebear build`  
`stonebear push <environment>`...  
`stonebear clean`  
`stonebear deploy <environment>`...  

## DESCRIPTION

`stonebear` is a command-line interface tool that makes it easy to setup a build and deployment system for developing websites and web applications.

`stonebear` is written in Python and is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3 or (at your option) any later version.

To function, `stonebear` needs a stonebeard.py config file, [stonebear-config(2)][config], available in the directory which `stonebear` is called from.

## OPTIONS

stonebear takes one of four arguments to function.
These options controls what action stonebear will process.

`build`  
Run the clean process, call the prebuild-command if defined in your config file. It will then run the build process, which copies files and folders from [input] to [output] (and in folders, it will exclude files matching your [remove_from_output_dir]), run compilers if any is set in your config file, and then run the postbuild-command if defined in your config file.

`push <environment>`...  
Run the push-command defined in [environments]. This command requires a second argument [environment], which must be a name of one of the environments set in your config file.

`clean`  
Remove all files matching one of the patterns of [remove_from_output_dirs] in any of the directories specified in [output].

`deploy <environment>`...  
Convenience function that will run the build command and then the push command. This requires a second argument [environment], which must be a name of one of the environments set in your config file.

## BUGS

<http://github.com/ChrisBuchholz/stonebear/issues>

## AUTHOR

chrisbuchholz <http://www.chrisbuchholz.me>

## LICENSE

GNU General Public License version 3 or (at your option) any later version.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with stonebear. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## SEE ALSO

[stonebear-config(2)][config] <http://github.com/ChrisBuchholz/stonebear>

[config]: http://chrisbuchholz.github.com/stonebear/man/man2/stonebear-config.2.html "stonebear-config(2)"
